Well done.
You just finished another section and congratulations.
Someone finds your skills valuable.
And this is the fun part, right?
Offers and negotiations.
Being able to handle those properly.
It's something that most people don't really think about because they're so focused on getting a job
that when they actually receive an offer or they're on the job.
They're not really prepared to handle negotiation, handle salaries, handle offers, which let's be
honest, you get these throughout your life, throughout your career, you're going to have to handle
these situations.
And it's one of the best things you can do in terms of investment is being prepared for these.
So I hope this section taught you how to handle rejection, how to handle offers, how to handle multiple
offers, some basic tips on negotiation, and how to get a raise and ask for a raise.
At the end of the day, we worked so hard to get here.
The easiest part is this where we're able to set ourselves up for the rest of the year, the rest of
our career at a company in a way that we're happy and satisfied with our job, with our salaries, and
with our benefits.
But there's one overall theme in all of this, and that is you want to treat people well.
You don't want to create enemies.
And if you do it properly, you won't be a nice person.
Be positive.
Don't burn bridges.
Negotiation and asking for salary isn't going to create enemies.
It's just two parties having a conversation to meet in the middle and both be happy.
And just like a muscle, just like we train our coding skills.
Practicing, negotiating, practicing how to handle offers is a muscle that you can train.
So go out there and negotiate your next raise.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.